CS 213 Fall 2019: Android Project
Posted Fri, Nov 15
Due Wed, Dec 11, 11 PM in BitBucket
Worth 200 points (20% of course grade)
You will continue working in pairs.
You MUST use Git/Bitbucket to manage your repository. Your app MUST run correcty on the Nexus 4 (4.7 inch, 768x1280, xhdpi) device emulator that comes with Android Studio. Make sure your app runs on Android API Level 28 (Android 9.0 - Pie) We will test only for this level.

You may serialize the data used in your app, but are not required to do so - you can use alternative formats for storage on the device.


Chess
Port the terminal-based Chess program to Android: a chess app that lets two people play chess with each other on the phone. You may reuse any code from your chess assignment. You have to implement all the moves for all the pieces, determination of check, checkmate, and illegal moves (including any that puts the mover's King in check), but you are not required to implement stalemate.

Your app implement the following:

Playing chess (120 pts)
30 pts Two humans can use your app to play a game of Chess.
20 pts Your app must draw the board with icons and correctly shaded squares.
20 pts Players must move their pieces using touch input - either dragging a piece or touching first the piece's original square and then its destination.
10 pts Provide an 'undo' function that will undo the last move (but no farther).
10 pts Provide an 'AI' button that will choose a move for the current player. Choosing randomly from the set of legal moves is sufficient.
20 pts Provide functional 'draw' and 'resign' buttons.
10 pts When the game is over, report the outcome.
Recording games (50 pts)
20 pts Record all games as they're being played.
10 pts At the conclusion of a game, offer to store it and prompt the user for a game title.
20 pts List all recorded games, sorted by both date and by title (user can select which view to choose).
Game playback (30 pts)
A function that allows the user to play a selected recorded game. The selected game should be playable one move at a time, per player.
